## Guidelines relevant to AI-assisted contributions

Tools using AI are increasingly used to produce text and code.  However ensuring
the quality of AI-assisted output can be difficult, and contributors must be
willing to adapt their workflows accordingly.  This section documents our
expectations.  The guidelines also apply, or have a direct counterpart, with
entirely human-produced content.

1. We strive to evaluate proposed contributions based on their merit,
   not their authors -- whether humans or programs.

2. We ask that you have either written, or read and reviewed yourself,
   every part of your contribution.  You are responsible for its quality.
   (It is strongly recommended that you read a proposed contribution in full
   even if you wrote all of it.)

3. Reviewing AI-produced code can be more difficult than reviewing
   human-written code and may require a different approach.
   If a significant portion of your code, PR description, review comments or
   messages on this repository have been entirely or almost-entirely
   authored by an automated tool, we ask that you disclose that such work
   was produced by automation rather than yourself.  Please mention which tool
   was used and for what. (For example, "The testsuite additions were mostly
   generated by Copilot.", or "This PR description was generated by ChatGPT from
   a short summary.")  You should be adding acknowledgements anyway in the case
   that part of your work came from another human contributor.

4. The following are never acceptable as contributions to OCaml: low-effort
   productions of code changes that submitters do not understand themselves;
   plagiarised works; hallucinated reports of security issues; or experiments
   involving automated interactions with human contributors without explicitly
   obtaining their consent beforehand.

5. We believe the current position of authors of AI-assisted programming tools
   is that it is their users' responsibility to ensure the produced output does
   not violate copyright or licensing terms.  If your contribution includes
   substantial AI-produced parts, you must check whether they are in fact
   derivative works of an existing project, and make any necessary
   adjustments.  Contributors will still need to sign the OCaml CLA for
   any significant contribution.

6. Please be mindful that reviewer time is a scarce resource. Contributions
   (whether human- or tool-authored) should strive to preserve it.
